Update sudo.md (#63)
PyDrocsid/documentation: docs/cogs/administration/sudo.md

# Sudo

> This cog contains the `sudo` command. This command is similiar to the sudo-command from Linux.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This cog contains the `sudo` command. This command is similiar to the sudo command on Linux.
```

To use that command your ID has to be in the sudoers file. 

> The `.sudo` command has the highest permission level and its bound to ID's and not roles permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `.sudo` command has the highest permission level and it is bound to IDs and not role permissions.
```

## `sudo`

> The `.sudo` command can execute every command even without the role permission. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `.sudo` command allows a user to execute any command even without having the necessary permissions by role.
```

```css
.sudo <cmd>
```

## `kill`
This command kills the running bot instance.
```css
.sudo kill
```

## `reload`

> This command reloads the bot script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command reloads the bot by refiring all startup functions.
```

```css
.sudo reload
```

## `stop`

> This command stops the bot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command stops the running bot instance.
```

```css
.sudo stop
```

## `clear_cache`
This command clears the redis cache.
```css
.sudo reload_cache
```

```

> This command is mainly used by the worst employer(Defelo#2022) Whoever is reading this please save us...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command is mainly used by the worst employer ever (Defelo#2022). Whoever is reading this, please save us...
```

# Sudo

> This cog contains the `.sudo` command, as well as some other commands used to maintain the bot instance. This `.sudo` command is similiar to the `sudo` command on Linux.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This cog contains the `.sudo` command, as well as some other commands used to maintain the bot instance. This `.sudo` command is similar to the `sudo` command on Linux.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## `sudo`
The `.sudo` command allows a specific user to execute any command even without having the necessary permission level by temporarily granting the user the highest permission level (`owner`).

```css
.sudo <command>
```

To use this command your user ID has to match the value of the `OWNER_ID` environment variable. If this environment variable is not set, the Sudo cog is disabled.

!!! Hint
    If you have run a command without having the required permission level, you can use `.sudo !!` to rerun this command with `owner` privileges.

> ## Maintenance Commands

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Maintenance commands
```

!!! Note

>     These commands do not necessarily have to be executed with the `.sudo` command. Theoretically, the required permission levels can be changed to any other permission level, so that users who are not allowed to execute the sudo command can also use these maintenance commands. However, it is recommended to only allow trusted users to use these commands.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    These commands do not necessarily have to be executed with the `.sudo` command. Theoretically, the required permission levels can be changed to any other permission level, so that users who are not allowed to execute the `.sudo` command can also use these maintenance commands. However, it is recommended to only allow trusted users to use these commands.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

### `clear_cache`
This command clears the redis cache by executing the `FLUSHALL` command.

```css
.reload_cache
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

### `reload`
This command reloads the bot by refiring all startup functions.

```css
.reload
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

### `stop`
This command stops the running bot instance gracefully.

```css
.stop
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

# Sudo

> This cog contains the `.sudo` command, as well as some other commands used to maintain the bot instance. This `.sudo` command is similar to the `sudo` command on Linux.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

This cog contains the `.sudo` command, as well as some other commands used to maintain the bot instance. This `.sudo` command is similar to the `sudo` command on Linux.
```

```css
.sudo <command>
```

To use this command your user ID has to match the value of the `OWNER_ID` environment variable. If this environment variable is not set, the Sudo cog is disabled.

!!! Hint
    If you have run a command without having the required permission level, you can use `.sudo !!` to rerun this command with `owner` privileges.

## Maintenance Commands

!!! Note
    These commands do not necessarily have to be executed with the `.sudo` command. Theoretically, the required permission levels can be changed to any other permission level, so that users who are not allowed to execute the `.sudo` command can also use these maintenance commands. However, it is recommended to only allow trusted users to use these commands.

### `clear_cache`
This command clears the redis cache by executing the `FLUSHALL` command.

```css
.reload_cache
```

### `reload`
This command reloads the bot by refiring all startup functions.

```css
.reload
```

### `stop`
This command stops the running bot instance gracefully.

```css
.stop
```

### `kill`

> This command kills the running bot instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command kills the running bot instance.

```
